Okay,
guys,
um,
welcome back.
And now we're gonna have a look at this block of code here.
So for all of these examples,
woman do I'm in sub mud.
01 the basics.
I'm just going to copy all of this here,
and I'm gonna paste it into here.
I'll delete it again later.
Have left it here of just copied and pasted.
Now,
we'll know that if I hit this button now,
this particular subroutine will execute in full on as we have four separate lines of code.
Wrong There do is step through them now.
We haven't specified a hierarchy here.
So what we're working with is what we are looking at,
which is this sheet here,
this scratch sheet.
So I'm just gonna hit f eight on the keyboard,
which you'll remember from the debug menu is groups.
Where are we?
There we go.
Step into So then the press f eight.
All the green code is remarks.
So I'm just going to click here,
and I'm gonna execute this yellow line of code,
so f eight they go.
So this ray knew this line of code range A five is air objects and we are using the method
select,
which fill enough.
Select it now.
That is just how to select a single cell,
which we've looked up before in the last section.
But we could also rank select a range of cells by using this syntax here,
the first cell a colon on the second cell.
So when I hit F eight through that,
you can see that range.
A five to a 14 has been selected,
so our object can be a range,
not just an individual cell.
It can be arranged,
so the range a five to a 14 with the method dot select.
Now the next one that we have is selecting noncontiguous individual cells.
If I just hit f a through here,
you'll see that this has happened.
So object in this particular instance is the range A five noncontiguous cells are separated
by commerce or actually,
continuous cells can be separated by comes if you like,
so you could say a five,
a six and a seven.
But here we have the object is range a five,
B seven and C nine,
which you can see of being selected just here.
Finally,
we can select noncontiguous or contiguous,
arranges multiple ranges on.
If I hit F eight,
you can see here that the range the object in this instance is going to be the Range A five
to be five,
which is here a seven to see seven,
which is here,
and a nine to see 10 on.
We have used the method dot select,
so that is how you select the cells using the range object.
Now there's another way of doing this.
So far,
we've just looked at the range.
But there is another way of specifying a range and that issues in the cells object.
And that's what we're gonna have a look at in the next lecture.
So I'll see you that